#57 Follow-up (#60)
comit-network/create-comit-app: CHANGELOG.md

## Changed
- Move start-env env file to `~/.create-comit-app/env` so that the user does not have to start it from inside the project folder.

> - If a signal (e.g. CTRL-C) is sent while `start-env` is booting, it waits for the action in progress (e.g., starting docker container) and then stop and properly clean-up the environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a signal (e.g. CTRL-C) is sent while `start-env` is booting, it waits for the action in progress (e.g., starting docker container) and then stops and properly cleans up the environment. 
```
